c:\users\kamil\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\aspTest\aspTest\bin\aspTest.dll.config
c:\users\kamil\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\aspTest\aspTest\bin\aspTest.dll
c:\users\kamil\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\aspTest\aspTest\bin\aspTest.pdb
c:\users\kamil\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\aspTest\aspTest\bin\Antlr3.Runtime.dll
c:\users\kamil\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\aspTest\aspTest\bin\Microsoft.Web.Infrastructure.dll
c:\users\kamil\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\aspTest\aspTest\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
c:\users\kamil\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\aspTest\aspTest\bin\System.Web.Helpers.dll
c:\users\kamil\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\aspTest\aspTest\bin\System.Web.Mvc.dll
c:\users\kamil\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\aspTest\aspTest\bin\System.Web.Optimization.dll
c:\users\kamil\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\aspTest\aspTest\bin\System.Web.Razor.dll
c:\users\kamil\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\aspTest\aspTest\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.dll
c:\users\kamil\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\aspTest\aspTest\bin\System.Web.WebPages.dll
c:\users\kamil\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\aspTest\aspTest\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.dll
c:\users\kamil\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\aspTest\aspTest\bin\WebGrease.dll
c:\users\kamil\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\aspTest\aspTest\bin\System.Web.Helpers.xml
c:\users\kamil\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\aspTest\aspTest\bin\System.Web.Mvc.xml
c:\users\kamil\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\aspTest\aspTest\bin\System.Web.Optimization.xml
c:\users\kamil\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\aspTest\aspTest\bin\System.Web.Razor.xml
c:\users\kamil\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\aspTest\aspTest\bin\System.Web.WebPages.xml
c:\users\kamil\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\aspTest\aspTest\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.xml
c:\users\kamil\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\aspTest\aspTest\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.xml
c:\users\kamil\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\aspTest\aspTest\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
c:\users\kamil\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\aspTest\aspTest\bin\Antlr3.Runtime.pdb
c:\users\kamil\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\aspTest\aspTest\obj\Debug\aspTest.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\kamil\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\aspTest\aspTest\obj\Debug\aspTest.dll
c:\users\kamil\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\aspTest\aspTest\obj\Debug\aspTest.pdb
C:\Users\Kamil\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\aspTest\aspTest\bin\Npgsql.dll
C:\Users\Kamil\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\aspTest\aspTest\bin\Mono.Security.dll
C:\Users\Kamil\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\aspTest\aspTest\bin\Npgsql.pdb
C:\Users\Kamil\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\aspTest\aspTest\bin\Npgsql.xml
C:\Users\Kamil\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\aspTest\aspTest\bin\de\Npgsql.resources.dll
C:\Users\Kamil\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\aspTest\aspTest\bin\es\Npgsql.resources.dll
C:\Users\Kamil\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\aspTest\aspTest\bin\fi\Npgsql.resources.dll
C:\Users\Kamil\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\aspTest\aspTest\bin\fr\Npgsql.resources.dll
C:\Users\Kamil\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\aspTest\aspTest\bin\ja\Npgsql.resources.dll
C:\Users\Kamil\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\aspTest\aspTest\bin\zh-CN\Npgsql.resources.dll
